no you can't sit there
good good good wait
push Lola push girl I'm just making it
not drop it's a little white one come on
push
can I wiggle it a little bit it said you
can wiggle it here for the second stuff
that goes just let her push it out I
need like flakes and then she has to
chew on it remember the head might be
too big let it be over there
I'm not pramantha we saw this and
sometimes it took a little while in it
so cutting the cord wrapped around its
neck
okay okay you're not your videos no you
you it looks like I'm pulling it but I'm
not okay it's alright
Hey look yeah see now that the sack is
broken it needs to get the fluids
cleared you guys believe me it's turning
blue
go ahead whatever you think of me I
wouldn't pull hurt on it but not it's
love a push she is
the sag break they only have a certain
time so you know you should let maybe
you should have one let's hit a little
bit so she's okay no no okay sit down so
she can start chewing away nothing I
can't share what I see lately
I need the aspirator the aspirator thing
about it is it breathing who is trying
is this act already broken
yeah mom those dry rub it vigorously
I'll do them okay good I know you're
trying
are you gonna cry no okay let mama take
over I gotta get it you can hear it
choking on the so that I got it oh
that's real small actually like Hudson
Blanco big yeah I need floss well she
can't chew it off right now cook girl
Lola no see
she hasn't given birth to the she needs
to give birth to the st. Louis stuff no
whoa what there's an inside that sound
there's a Palooza know that you need to
breathe in your placenta she breathing
that's real small did you think it would
be this small
yeah thought it'd be like twice as big
no they're this small she's like ten
just kidding
because they fade the heads our survey I
need to be able to cut the cord can you
do it Lola stop
jimson it's her job babe 500 oooh he
never let her do you want baby do you
have to use not a seat
stamp here to stay watch from there